# Analysis-of-ECOWAS-Economic-Communities-Of-West-African-States-data
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is a regional organization of 15 West African countries established on 28 May 1975. Its main goal is the promotion of the economic integration among its members. Today, many governments of ECOWAS members are facing a number of challenges in different development sectors. These sectors include education, health, the control of population growth. In this project, I will perform an analysis of the world development indicators (health, population growth, education) of the ECOWAS data. This paper aims to show the important of government expenditure and the economic growth of the 15 states of the ECOWAS regions by analyzing the data of four majors development indicators(gdp per capita, population density, government expenditure on health and education).
# Importance of the project
The result of this project can be used as recommendations and guidelines for governments to help them in their decision-making activities.
# Description of the data
The dataset I have used here is from the Dataset of the WDI(world development indicators) published over the World bank website. . It contains divers development indicators of hundreds of countries across the world. The world development indicators dataset can be accessed  here.
This analysis I am performing is based on the data from 1960 till 2015. Most of the ECOWAS members had obtained their independence in the sixties’. So right after this time, the colonizers left the continent and return to their countries. So it was a challenge for the government at this time to lead their population on their own without the immediate supervision of the colonizers. The 15 states members of the ECOWAS are: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cote d’Ivoire, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo, Cape Verde, Guinea, Niger.
